New template for data sources pages (#76)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: human_biomolecular_data/data_sources.md

---

> title: Human biomolecular data sources

Reviewer: I would not change this title since it will be duplicated Human biomolecular data section title above it :)

Author: okay! then is it okay that all pages are called the same?

Reviewer 2: The current situation is that the pages have the same name, but they have different URLs and different page_id

  pathogen_characterisation: [<!---REPLACE THIS with the page IDs of the pathogen_characterisation pages that you want to list here as related pages--->]
training:
  - name:
    registry:
    url:
---

## Introduction

## What is considered as <!--REPLACE THIS with the category that you selected e.g. pathogen characterization--> data?

## Topic 1 <!-- Subsection related to a specific topic related to the data sources of the category that you selected.-->

Short explanation of what this topic is about and why it is important, with an emphasis on infectious diseases and the category that you selected.

### Considerations

Using a bullet point style list format as much as possible, describe the considerations for your topic that are specific to infectious diseases within the category (e.g. pathogen characterisation) that you have selected.

Please avoid replicating 'generic' guidelines, i.e. those not specific to infectious diseases, here. Add links to RDMkit in the metadata above, if any are needed. 

### Standards, schemas, ontologies and vocabularies <!--- (optional) --->

> List of standards, schemas, othologies and/or vocabularies that are relevant to the resources in this category. Consider having links to the "Data description" page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of standards, schemas, ontologies and/or vocabularies that are relevant to the resources in this category. Consider having links to the "Data description" page.
When applicable, consider adding the appropriate FAIRsharing entry to the tools and resources spreadsheet so that they can be listed and appropriately tagged at the end of the page
```
Adding here a reminder to add the FAIRsharing entry of the mentioned resources.
